2d platformer

Concept: Adventure, Platformer, Story


Summoned into the world of Thorium
New York Hoddie thug?


KARMA LEVEL

Good     |     Neutral         |     Evil



Allt baseras runt din Karma level och allt har sina egna bra / dåliga saker
T.ex.

Evil ger chans på vapen & armor med ‘evil’ som tanke t.ex. ;

         “Necroblade” eller “Dark Armor”

Good har chans på vapen med ‘Holy’ eller ‘Divine’ som tanke. t.ex. 
        
        “Holy Elven Sword” eller “Angelic Garment”

Neutral ger ingen skillnad  mellan dom 2 men ger också inga av deras boons och kan inte använda theme-specific weapons.

Note: Karma-themed armor & weapons har req. deras respektive karma themes för att användas.






---------------------------
-    Barebone 
---------------------------



Baserat på en klassisk synpunkt på en 'three-way' mellan tre olika faktioner.


exempel nedan:


Angels > | < Demons 
         ^
       Humans

    


Story

Summonad av en trollkarl av starksås

Du får inte allt förklarat utav denna trollkarl.

Grimdor


(Han lär dig språket med magi) Grimdor - Förklarar vad världen heter och hans motiv med summoningen. Att få ett slut på fejden mellan demoner och änglar som har fastnat i komplett deadlock. Dock kan man ignorera allt och göra som man vill.

Valet man får är mellan att jobba för att vara med Änglarna, demonerna eller Humans. 

Karma systemet ska vara tydligt redan ifrån början.

Angels
The history tells of the angels tells of how they rusht down from heavens to stop the demons from expanding. The angels are said to have been born on the hope and belief of mortal beings.
The leader of these forces is an angel named Lavina she and her closest allieds and friends wants to end the demon threat.

The first of these are Munkir he is an angel that holds law and order above all else he is known not to be able to let crime go unpunished. He thinks that if people are to be safe law and order needs to be upheld.

Douma is the second and Douma is most known for wanting to help the poor and weak he believes the angels are made to protect those whom can't do it thimself.


Demons


The history tells how the world's crust opened up and spewed out the demonic spawn that haunt humanity today, they were said to be born from the filth and sins committed by mankind and as a punishment from mother earth herself.

At the top of the Demonic and monstrous forces stands the demon from the Underworld; Ceuthonymus. 

A mysterious demon from the realm of Hades himself, little is known about him aside from the fact that after escaping the Underworlds clutches, has proven to be powerful enough to conquer the demons to work under him. Ever since, he has been leading them in an everlasting war against the angels and is determined to bring down the gods as well.
Under Ceuthonymus works his three right-hand demon ‘captains’;



Sabaktes, the Destroyer, a humanoid demon whos origins speak of a potter and how him and four more demons tortured the poor soul into insanity. Sabaktes role in this was to smash the potters most prized crafts over and over. Developing since over millenia, he is now reknowned for destroying prized creations such as temples and royal gardens.

Achlys the Spirit is known to have wandered battlefields in the origins of her appearance, absorbing the souls of the dead to empower herself. Achlys is a part of the Keres demons who personify a violent death and with her ghostly visage, haunts anyone that dares approach her lair in the moldy catacombs.

Catoble the Toxic, a bulls head and legs, with a terrifying upper body of a human. Set aside from the fact that he wields an axe, his breath itself is toxic and can turn people to stone or downright kill them, this beast on his own is a formidable foe and one of Ceuthonymus’ most valued pawns. Reports recently stated he is headed straight towards the sanctuary of Dionysos.


11 Banor ( 1 Tutorial, 9 Normal maps, 1 Boss)

Dark Mansion
Cave (Entrance shuts)
Volcano (With hidden exit to field)
Field
Forest
Burning Village (Dionysos)
City-Siege (Boss)
Graveyard


















Kod Specificationer:

Dialogue system:
    
    Kallar på [KLASS] S00000

Breakdown:

Klassen är specifict för dialoguen och skall kalla på ett specifict ID nummer för att få rätt dialogue. t.ex 

S
S är förkortning för ‘Speech’ och är för att dedikera ID för just denna sort.

00000
Detta är ID’et som kollas upp inom Speech index och dom 2 första är för att identifiera -vem- som pratar. t.ex. 11 är Blacksmith, 09 är en guard, etc.

Tredje numret är Karma-räknaren och mellan 1-3 (1 är Ond, 2 är neutral och 3 är god)
räknar därför ut genom index vad din karma är och tar rätt tal för din character.

Dom 2 sista är de dialoger som finns på index att ta ifrån.
